[Fix-17316][Task-API] Add check process status after killing task (#17320)
apache/dolphinscheduler: deploy/kubernetes/dolphinscheduler/README.md

| conf.common."datasource.encryption.enable" | bool | `false` | datasource encryption enable |
| conf.common."datasource.encryption.salt" | string | `"!@#$%^&*"` | datasource encryption salt |
| conf.common."development.state" | bool | `false` | development state |

> | conf.common."process.status.check.delay" | int | `5` | The delay before checking the process status after termination (in seconds) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| conf.common."process.status.check.delay" | int | `5` | The delay before checking the shell process status after termination (in seconds) |
```

| conf.common."login.user.keytab.username" | string | `"hdfs-mycluster@ESZ.COM"` | login user from keytab username |
| conf.common."ml.mlflow.preset_repository" | string | `"https://github.com/apache/dolphinscheduler-mlflow"` | mlflow task plugin preset repository |
| conf.common."ml.mlflow.preset_repository_version" | string | `"main"` | mlflow task plugin preset repository version |

> | conf.common."process.status.check.delay" | int | `5` | The delay before checking the shell process status after termination (in seconds) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| conf.common."shell.kill.wait.timeout" | int | `30` | If the shell process still active after this value, then will use kill -9 to kill it(in seconds) |
```

Author: Sorry,I'm a bit confused.   "shell.kill.wait.timeout"?  the time is for wating to check process status after killing

Reviewer 2: I think it's better used for waiting the soft kill result. If it timeout then hard kill. This seems make little sense if only wait the process exit. If it doesn't exit, then you should not return.

Author: // 1. Try to terminate gracefully (SIGINT)
        boolean gracefulKillSuccess = sendKillSignal("SIGINT", pids, request.getTenantCode());
        if (gracefulKillSuccess) {
            log.info("Successfully killed process tree using SIGINT, processId: {}", processId);
            return true;
        }

        The key issue is that the soft kill returns success, but the physical process is not actually killed, so we need to add a check process status logic.

Author: > I think it's better used for waiting the soft kill result. If it timeout then hard kill. This seems make little sense if only wait the process exit. If it doesn't exit, then you should not return.

In actual development and operations, do not use SIGKILL right away, as it deprives the process of the opportunity to clean up resources. The recommended approach is:

First send SIGINT, wait for a certain amount of time (e.g., 5–10 seconds), and check the process status.

If the process hasn't exited, send SIGTERM, wait again (e.g., 5–10 seconds), and check the process status.

If the process still hasn't exited, then send SIGKILL.

A key point: even if SIGINT returns successfully, the process may still be running. Therefore, it's essential to add a check logic to confirm whether the process has truly exited.

Reviewer 2: If the process doesn't exit, there seems to be no point in checking here

Author: Thank you so much for your suggestions!
